Write an SQL query to fetch “FIRST_NAME” from Worker table using the alias name as <WORKER_NAME>

Write an SQL query to fetch “FIRST_NAME” from Worker table in upper case.

Write an SQL query to fetch unique values of DEPARTMENT from Worker table.

Write an SQL query to print the first three characters of  FIRST_NAME from Worker table.

Write an SQL query to find the position of the alphabet (‘a’) in the first name column ‘Amitabh’ from Worker table.

Write an SQL query to print the FIRST_NAME from Worker table after removing white spaces from the right side.

Write an SQL query to print the DEPARTMENT from Worker table after removing white spaces from the left side.

Write an SQL query that fetches the unique values of DEPARTMENT from Worker table and prints its length.

Write an SQL query to print the FIRST_NAME from Worker table after replacing ‘a’ with ‘A’.

Write an SQL query to print the FIRST_NAME and LAST_NAME from Worker table into a single column COMPLETE_NAME. A space char should separate them.

Write an SQL query to print all Worker details from the Worker table order by FIRST_NAME Ascending.

Write an SQL query to print all Worker details from the Worker table order by FIRST_NAME Ascending and DEPARTMENT Descending.

Write an SQL query to print details for Workers with the first name as “Vipul” and “Satish” from Worker table.

Write an SQL query to print details of workers excluding first names, “Vipul” and “Satish” from Worker table.

Write an SQL query to print details of Workers with DEPARTMENT name as “Admin”.

Write an SQL query to print details of the Workers whose FIRST_NAME contains ‘a’.

Write an SQL query to print details of the Workers whose FIRST_NAME ends with ‘a’.

Write an SQL query to print details of the Workers whose FIRST_NAME ends with ‘h’ and contains six alphabets.

Write an SQL query to print details of the Workers whose SALARY lies between 100000 and 500000.

Write an SQL query to print details of the Workers who have joined in Feb’2014.

Write an SQL query to fetch the count of employees working in the department ‘Admin’.

Write an SQL query to fetch worker names with salaries >= 50000 and <= 100000.

Write an SQL query to fetch the no. of workers for each department in the descending order.

Write an SQL query to print details of the Workers who are also Managers.

Write an SQL query to fetch duplicate records having matching data in some fields of a table.

Write an SQL query to show only odd rows from a table.

Write an SQL query to show only even rows from a table.

Write an SQL query to clone a new table from another table.

Write an SQL query to fetch intersecting records of two tables.

Write an SQL query to show records from one table that another table does not have.

Write an SQL query to show the current date and time.

Write an SQL query to show the top n (say 10) records of a table.

Write an SQL query to determine the nth (say n=5) highest salary from a table.

Write an SQL query to determine the nth (say n=5) highest salary from a table.

Write an SQL query to determine the 5th highest salary without using TOP or limit method.

Write an SQL query to fetch the list of employees with the same salary.

Write an SQL query to show the second highest salary from a table.

Write an SQL query to show one row twice in results from a table.

Write an SQL query to fetch intersecting records of two tables.

Write an SQL query to show records from one table that another table does not have.






Write an SQL query to fetch the first 50% records from a table.

Write an SQL query to fetch the departments that have less than five people in it.

Write an SQL query to show all departments along with the number of people in there.

Write an SQL query to show the last record from a table.

Write an SQL query to fetch the first row of a table.

Write an SQL query to fetch the last five records from a table.

Write an SQL query to print the name of employees having the highest salary in each department.

Write an SQL query to fetch three max salaries from a table.

Write an SQL query to fetch three min salaries from a table.

Write an SQL query to fetch nth max salaries from a table.

Write an SQL query to fetch departments along with the total salaries paid for each of them.

Write an SQL query to fetch the names of workers who earn the highest salary.



Queries for HR.SQL:: 

Write a query to list the number of jobs available in the employees table.

Write a query to get the total salaries payable to employees.

Write a query to get the maximum salary of an employee working as a Programmer.

Write a query to get the highest, lowest, sum, and average salary of all employees.

Write a query to get the number of employees with the same job

Write a query to get the difference between the highest and lowest salaries.

Write a query to find the manager ID and the salary of the lowest-paid employee for that manager

Write a query to get the job ID and maximum salary of the employees where maximum salary is greater than or equal to $4000

Write a query to find the name (first_name, last_name), and salary of the employees whose salary is greater than the average salary

Write a query to find the name (first_name, last_name), and salary of the employees whose salary is equal to the minimum salary for their job grade.

Write a query to find the name (first_name, last_name), and salary of the employees who earns more than the average salary and works in any of the IT departments

Write a query to find the name (first_name, last_name) and salary of the employees who earn a salary that is higher than the salary of all the Shipping Clerk (JOB_ID = 'SH_CLERK'). Sort the results of the salary of the lowest to highest

Write a query to find the addresses (location_id, street_address, city, state_province, country_name) of all the departments

Write a query to find the employee id, name (last_name) along with their manager_id and name (last_name

Write a query to find the employee ID, job title, number of days between ending date and starting date for all jobs in department 90

Write a query to display department name, name (first_name, last_name), hire date, salary of the manager for all managers whose experience is more than 15 years.




